Release Version changes for 1.6V
=====================================

==> Modules Removed from AMT Masters Menu : 
		*	Property Details
		*	Property Relation Type
		*	Ownership Type
		*	Property Type
		
==> Removed Unused Modules:
		1.	Billing Details
		2.	Basic Finance Types
		3.	Finance margin Slabs
		4.	Product Finance Types
		5.	Finance Campaign
		6.	Finance Account Number
		7.	Dairy Notes
		8.	Collateral Item
		9.	Collateral Type
		10.	Collateral Location
		
==> Removed Unused Modules:
		1. 	Penalty
		2.	PenaltyCode
		3.	LoginStatus.java file removed.

Removed Menu Items List(Unused or Duplicate)		
-------------------------------

menu_Item_RatingType=Rating Types
menu_Item_RatingCode=Rating Codes
menu_Item_CustomerNote= Notes
menu_Item_CustomerAddres= Address Details
menu_Item_CustomerIdentity= Identity Details
menu_Item_CustomerAdditionalDetail= Additional Details
menu_Item_RejectDetail=Reject Codes
menu_Item_PhoneType=Phone Types
menu_Item_InterestRateBasisCode=Interest Rate Basis
menu_Item_InterestRateType=Interest Rate Types
menu_Item_IncomeType=Income Types
menu_Item_EarlyPaymentRule=Early Payment Rule
menu_Item_LatePaymentRuleSlabs=Late Payment Rule Slabs
menu_Item_LatePaymentRule=Late Payment Rule
menu_Item_AccountEngineRule=Accounting Engine Rules
menu_Item_AccountEngineEvent=Accounting Engine Events
menu_Item_SecurityUserRoles=User Roles
menu_Item_Users=Users
menu_Item_Penalty=Penalties
menu_Item_PenaltyCode=Penalty Codes
menu_Item_AccountType=Account Types
menu_Item_RelationshipOfficer=Relationship Officers
menu_Item_CustomerPhoneNumber= Phone Numbers
menu_Item_CustomerNote= Notes
menu_Category_Dedup=De-dupe 
menu_Category_Dedup=De-dupe  
menu_Item_DedupFields=De-dupe Fields
menu_Item_ProductAssets=ProductAssets
menu_Item_EarlyPaymentRuleSlabs=Early Payment Rule Slabs
menu_Item_EducationalExpense=Educational Expenses
menu_Category_Fee=Fee  
menu_Item_FeeTier=Fee Tier
menu_Category_Fee=Fee Details 
menu_Item_Fee=Fee Details
menu_Item_WhatIfInquiry=WhatIfEnquiry
menu_Category_Dedup=De-dupe  
menu_Item_DedupParm=Customer De-dupe
menu_Category_Dedup=De-dupe  
menu_Item_DedupFields=De-dupe Fields
menu_Item_WIFFinanceScheduleDetail=Finance Schedule Details
menu_Item_WIFFinanceDisbursement=Finance Disbursement Details
menu_Item_IjarahWIFFinanceMain = Ijarah WIF 
menu_Item_IstisnaWIFFinanceMain = Istisna WIF 
menu_Item_MudarabahWIFFinanceMain = Mudarabah WIF 
menu_Item_MurabahaWIFFinanceMain = Murabaha WIF 
menu_Item_MusharakahWIFFinanceMain = Musharakah WIF 
menu_Item_SalamWIFFinanceMain = Salam WIF 
menu_Item_SukukWIFFinanceMain = Sukuk WIF 
menu_Item_WakalaWIFFinanceMain = Wakala WIF 
menu_Item_RepaymentRuleSlab=Payment Rule Slab Details
menu_Item_RepaymentRule=Payment Rule Details
menu_Item_ScoringCode=Scoring Code Details
menu_Item_FinanceMain = New Finance
menu_Item_MudarabahFinanceMain = Mudarabah Finance
menu_Item_WakalaFinanceMain = Wakala Finance
menu_Item_MusharakahFinanceMain = Musharakah Finance
menu_Item_SukukFinanceMain = Sukuk Finance
menu_Item_MurabahaFinanceMain = Murabaha Finance
menu_Item_SalamFinanceMain = Salam Finance
menu_Item_IstisnaFinanceMain = Istisna Finance
menu_Item_IjarahFinanceMain = Ijarah Finance
menu_Item_TawarruqFinanceMain = Tawarruq Finance
menu_Item_ScoringSlab=Scoring Slab Details
menu_Item_FinanceReferenceDetail=Finance Process Editor
menu_Item_FinanceCheckList=Finance Checklist
menu_Item_FinanceAgreementList=Finance Agreement List
menu_Item_FinanceDisbursement=Finance Disbursement Details
menu_Item_MaintCustomerAcount =Maintain Cust. A/c
menu_Item_MaintSystemAcount =Maintain Internal A/c
menu_Item_Rule= Rule Engine
menu_Item_ExtendedFieldDetails = Field Details
menu_Category_Testing=Testing  
menu_Item_AdditionalFields=Additional Fields
menu_Item_TransactionEntry=Transaction Entry
menu_Item_CheckListDetail=Checklist Details
menu_Item_FinanceCheckListReference=Finance Checklist Details
menu_Item_DashBoardDetails=Dashboard Details
menu_Item_DashBoardDetail=Dashboard Details
menu_Item_DashBoardDetails=Dashboard Details
menu_Item_DashBoardDetail=Dashboard Details 
menu_Item_OverDueReport=Over Due Report
menu_Item_LoanDetailsEnquiry=Finance Details Enquiry
menu_Item_CheckListEnquiry=Checklist
menu_Item_RCDStatusReport=Record Status Report
menu_Item_ReportConfigurationEnquiry= Report Config.
menu_Item_CollateralAssignment = Collateral Assignment
menu_Item_CollateralLocation=Collateral Locations
menu_Item_CollateralType=Collateral Types
menu_Item_Collateralitem=Collateral Items
menu_Item_AlertEscalation=Alerts & Escalations
menu_Item_MailTemplateEnquiry =Mail Template Enquiry
menu_Category_Customer_Enquiry = Customer Enquiry  
menu_Item_JountAccountDetail=Co-Applicant Details
menu_Item_JountAccountDetailEnquiry =Co-Applicant Details Enquiry
menu_Item_GuarantorDetail=Guarantor Details
menu_Item_GuarantorDetailEnquiry =Guarantor Details Enquiry
menu_Item_AuthorizationEnquiry =Authorization Details Enquiry
menu_Item_SharesDetail=Shares Details
menu_Item_SharesDetailEnquiry =Shares Details Enquiry
menu_Item_CommidityLoanDetail=Commodity Details
menu_Item_CommidityLoanDetailEnquiry =Commodity Details Enquiry
menu_Item_DivisionDetailEnquiry =Division Detail Enquiry
menu_Item_EmployerDetailEnquiry =Employer Details Enquiry
menu_Category_JVPostings = Finance Postings
menu_Item_JVPostingEntry=Finance Posting Entry
menu_Item_JVPostingRePostings = Finance Re Postings
menu_Item_JVPostingEntryEnquiry =Finance Posting Entry Enquiry
menu_Item_JVPostingRePostings = Finance Re Postings
menu_Item_BatchImport = Batch Import
menu_Item_JVPosting = Finance Postings
menu_Item_JVPostingRePostings = Finance Re Postings
menu_Item_payment=Payments
menu_Item_FinanceEnquiryReview = Finance Enquiry Review 
menu_Item_CreditAppOrReview = Credit Application/Review-Bank Spreadsheet
menu_Item_TestReport=Test Report
menu_Item_ReportFilterFields=Report Filter Fields
menu_Item_ReportFilterFieldsEnquiry= Report Filter Fields
menu_Item_QueryEnquiry =Selection Rule Enquiry
menu_Item_FinanceCancellation.value = Finance Cancellation
menu_Item_FacilityDetail=Facility Details
menu_Item_Collateral=Collateral Details
menu_Item_TreasuaryFinance=TreasuaryFinance
menu_Item_FinanceApprovalStsInquiry = Fin WF Status Enquiry
menu_Item_FlagEnquiry =Flags Enquiry
menu_Item_DeviationParamEnquiry =Deviation Params Enquiry
menu_Item_SukukBrokerBondsEnquiry =Sukuk Brokers Enquiry
menu_Item_SukukBrokerBonds = Sukuk Brokers
menu_Item_SukukBrokerEnquiry =Sukuk Brokers Enquiry
menu_Item_SukukBondEnquiry =Sukuk Bonds Enquiry
menu_Item_VesselDetailEnquiry =Vessel Details Enquiry
menu_Category_DelinquencyReports= Delinquency Reports
menu_Item_DelinquentByProduct= Delinquent By Products
menu_Item_ProvisionRPT= Provision
menu_Item_PortfolioBehavior= Portfolio Behavior
menu_Item_DelinquencyVariance= Delinquency Variance
menu_Category_FinDeptReports = Finance Dept. Reports
menu_Item_TakafulPremium=Takaful Premium


==> Files removed: 
	FinanceMaintenanceList.zul
	CPDetail.java
	RPDetail.java
	RPTDDetail.java
	FeeDetailsCtrl.java
	FinanceMainDialog.zul

Release Version changes for 1.7V
=====================================

1. property takaful Schedule process Added in Origination
LPO Fleet Process.
Configuration PBG Auto FinanceFleet Finance.
Configuration for WBG Corporate and Commodity Configuration  	

Removed Interface Files:
		1.AddHoldReply
		2.AddHoldRequest
		3.RemoveHoldReply
		4.RemoveHoldRequest
		5.AccountPostingReply
		6.AccountPostingRequest
		7.CustomerLimitDetailReply
		8.CustomerLimitDetailRequest
		9.CustomerLimitPositionReply
		10.CustomerLimitPositionRequest
		11.CustomerLimitUtilReply.java
		12.CustomerLimitUtilRequest.java
		13.AddHoldProcess
		14.RemoveHoldProcess
		15.CollateralDeMarkingRequest.java
		16.CollateralDeMarkingReply.java
		17.CollateralMarkingReply.java
		18.CollateralMarkingRequest.java
		19.CollateralDeMarkingProcess.java
		20.CollateralMarkingProcess.java
		